{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. CONTEST PERIOD
\f1\b0 \
The \'93ODP Poster Project\'94 contest (hereinafter referred to as the \'93Contest\'94) is held by the ODP Media Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the \'93Contest Organizers\'94). The Contest starts on April 1st, at 11:00 a.m. (ET) and ends on June 30th at 5:00 p.m. (ET) (hereinafter referred to as the \'93Contest Period\'94).\

\f0\b 2. ELIGIBILITY
\f1\b0 \
The Contest is open to all Ontario residents. PLEASE DO NOT ENTER THE CONTEST IF YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE.\

\f0\b 3. HOW TO ENTER
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b No purchase necessary.
\f1\b0 \
To participate in the Contest and become an entrant (the \'93Entrant\'94), go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://organdonationproject.com/submit"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc2 http://organdonationproject.com/submit}} (the \'93Website\'94) during the Contest Period and follow the on-screen instructions on the landing page to fill out the official Contest Entry Form (the \'93Entry Form\'94) and to submit the artwork. The Entrant may submit an unlimited number of artworks  during the Contest Period\
Artwork restrictions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Each artwork can only be submitted by one Entrant;\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Each artwork must respect the technical specifications in the linked specification document\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The artwork cannot contain any promotional messages (promotion of a product, service, company, event, person, etc.);\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The artwork cannot contain pornographic, obscene, defamatory or criminal material;\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The artwork submitted as well as all the elements contained in the artwork including images of people and logos must be free of all rights, meaning that the Entrant has obtained the authorization and/or waiver for each element. Each artwork submitted must be the property of the Entrant.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Disqualification.
\f1\b0  ODP reserves itself the right to refuse any online publication of an artwork that ODP deems as unacceptable, offensive, not respecting the above mentioned criteria or simply not up to par with ODP standards. Every artwork received and published on the Website will be eligible to win the Prizes.\
Access to the Internet and to an e-mail account are required to participate in the Contest. Many public libraries, retail businesses and other establishments provide free computer and Internet access, and certain Internet service providers or other companies offer free e-mail accounts. The Website may be accessible via smart phone devices, however individual mobile service provider charges may apply based on the Entrant\'92s mobile plan, as agreed upon with their mobile service provider.\

\f0\b 4. THE PRIZE
\f1\b0 \
The artworks of the winners will be printed and posted in on Posters in major cities in Ontario, including but not limited to: London, Toronto, Hamilton, and Guelph. The name of the winner and the name of the artwork will appear beneath the poster, as well as any other agreed upon information as agreed upon in email correspondence.\
No monetary prize, trophy or other prizes shall be given to the Winners. The prize must be accepted as is and cannot be assigned nor transferred.\

\f0\b 5. THE JURY\'92S DECISION
\f1\b0 \
The selection of the winners will be decided by a jury composed of ODP moderators. The Entrants having submitted the most appreciated artwork will be declared winners. A winner will be chosen on the Sunday of every week for the duration of the contest (15 total winners).\
In order to be declared winners, the potential winners must fill out a declaration in accordance with the Contest rules. The winners will be reached by email. In the event that a potential winner cannot be reached within seven (7) business days, the Entrant may be disqualified and ODP may select another potential winner.\

\f0\b 6. NON EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE ARTWORK
\f1\b0 \
ODP reserves the right to use and reproduce all the artworks submitted for a period of three (3) years following the date of submission in all of its publications and products pertaining to this Contest and all future versions of this Contest. By submitting the artwork, the Entrant grants ODP a non exclusive right to use, copy, reproduce on all ODP and ODP affiliates\'92 media supports, including all digital supports, without any compensation. ODP shall promote the associated credits for each artwork presented. This section shall not be construed as creating any obligations on ODP\'92s part to use the artwork submitted.\

\f0\b 7. GENERAL CONDITIONS
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Verification
\f1\b0 . Entry Forms and the Declaration are subject to verification by the Contest Organizers. Any Entry Form or Declaration that is incomplete, illegible, mutilated, fraudulent, registered or submitted late, bearing an invalid e-mail or otherwise noncompliant, shall be rejected and will not entitle the Entrant to an entry or to the Prize, as the case may be.\

\f0\b Disqualification
\f1\b0 . The Contest Organizers reserve the right to disqualify a person or to cancel one or several entries of a person who participates or tries to participate in this Contest by using methods that do not comply with these Contest Rules or that are unfair to other Entrants. Such person may be reported to the appropriate legal authorities.\

\f0\b Conduct of the Contest
\f1\b0 . Any attempt to deliberately sabotage or hack the Website or the legitimate conduct of this Contest constitutes a violation of civil and criminal laws. Should there be any such attempts, the Contest Organizers reserve the right to reject the Entrant\'92s entry and obtain legal or equitable relief under applicable laws.\

\f0\b Liability limit: use of the Prize.
\f1\b0  By entering the Contest, the Entrant selected for the Prize releases and holds harmless the Contest Organizers, any company, corporation, trust or other legal entity controlled by or affiliated to them, their advertising and promotional agencies and their respective employees, agents and representatives (the \'93Released Parties\'94) from and against any damage resulting from the acceptance or use of the Prize.\

\f0\b System of entry. 
\f1\b0 The Contest Organizers do not warrant that access to the Entry Form to enter the Contest will be uninterrupted during the Contest Period or error-free.\

\f0\b Liability limit: conduct of the Contest. 
\f1\b0 The Released Parties disclaim all liability for any of the following that may limit or prevent any Entrant\'92s participation in the Contest or from reading the Contest Rules: malfunctioning of any computer component, software or communication line; loss or lack of a communication network; or any transmission that is faulty, incomplete, incomprehensible or erased by any computer or network. The Released Parties also disclaim all liability for any damages or loss that may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by the download of any web pages or softwares or by the transmission of any information related to the participation in the Contest.\

\f0\b Contest modification. 
\f1\b0 The Contest Organizers reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend this Contest in whole or in part, should human intervention or an event take place that could alter or affect the administration, security, impartiality or conduct of the Contest as provided in these Contest Rules.\

\f0\b Termination of participation in the Contest. 
\f1\b0 In the event that the system of entry cannot register all Contest entries during the Contest Period for whatever reason, or if participation in the Contest must be terminated in whole or in part before the closing date provided in these Contest Rules, the Contest Organizers may, at their sole discretion, proceed with the draw among the entries duly registered during the Contest Period or, as the case may be, up to the date of the event ending participation in the Contest.\

\f0\b Prize limit. 
\f1\b0 In no event shall the Contest Organizers be required to award more prizes than indicated in these Contest Rules or to award a prize other than in compliance with these Contest Rules.\

\f0\b Liability limit: participation in the Contest.
\f1\b0  Persons who enter or try to enter this Contest release the Released Parties from any liability for damage these said persons may incur as a result of their entry or their attempt to enter the Contest.\

\f0\b Authorization. 
\f1\b0 By entering this Contest, the Entrant selected for the Prize authorizes the Contest Organizers and their representatives to use, if required, his/her name, photo, voice, place of residence and/or statement regarding the Prize for publicity purposes, without any form of compensation.\

\f0\b Communication with Entrants.
\f1\b0  No communication or correspondence related to this Contest shall be exchanged with Entrants except as provided for in these Contest Rules or at the Contest Organizers\'92 initiative.\

\f0\b Personal information.
\f1\b0  Entrants\'92 personal information collected for the purposes of the Contest will only be used to administer the Contest. No commercial or other communications unrelated to the Contest will be sent to Entrants unless they have otherwise agreed to receive such communications.\

\f0\b Copyright or trade-mark. 
\f1\b0 The use or reproduction of any copyright material or trade-mark related to this Contest is strictly prohibited, except with the prior express written consent of the rights\'92 owner.\

\f0\b Unenforceability. 
\f1\b0 In the event that an authority with jurisdiction declares any portion of these regulations invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such judgement shall not in any way affect any other portion of these Contest Rules. The other sections shall remain valid and in effect, to the extend permitted by the law.\

\f0\b Discrepancy. 
\f1\b0 In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of these English Rules and disclosures or other statements contained in any Contest-related materials, including, but not limited to: French version of these Rules, and/or point of sale, television, print or online advertising; the terms and conditions of the French Rules shall prevail, govern and control.\

\f0\b Property. 
\f1\b0 The Declaration is the property of the Contest Organizers and shall not in any case be returned to the Entrant.\

\f0\b Entrant identification. 
\f1\b0 For the purpose of these Contest Rules, the Entrant is the person whose name appears as the owner of the email account and it is to this person to whom the Prize will be awarded if he/she is selected and declared the winner.\

\f0\b Contest Organizers\'92 decision. 
\f1\b0 Any decision by the Contest Organizers or their representatives regarding this Contest is final and without appeal.}